here's a quick and easy way to tell how
rich you are take your phone out and see
what it's made of if it's made of
plastic you're a worthless peasant if
it's made of titanium sapphire and
calfskin with 4G that works almost
anywhere you y'all can take you a
dedicated concierge to conjure up your
every whim in the click of a finger an
encrypted phone calls you can plot and
scheme without worrying about anyone
overhearing congratulations
you own a virtuous signature touch which
at eleven thousand three hundred dollars
for the cheapest model means that you
are unquestionably unassailably rich now
on the inside of the signature touch is
a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 2.3
gigahertz processor running Android
KitKat 4.4 with 64 gigabytes of internal
storage
now you can improve the signature
stretch with qi wireless charging but
even so it always connects to the web
over 4g and virtually reckons it will
work on most 4g bands around the world
now the 4.7 inch 473 dpi 1080p HD screen
is covered in a single 5.48 one inch
slab of a hundred eighteen carat
sapphire you heard me right it's a
hundred eighteen carat sapphire now the
camera and the sound are equally good
being designed by luxury brands such as
Bang & Olufsen Dobie and Hasselblad so
you know you're gonna really love the
audio quality and image quality on this
phone but the design is where this phone
obviously really stands out it's encased
in grade five titanium and comes in a
range of hand-finished calf leather it
comes in Jack half pure jet claret calf
c-span lizard dancin lizard pure navy
lizard jet alligator and pure jet ray
gold mixed metals that's red blue purple
and black to you and me just if you're
wondering and the price tag of the mixed
metal model is twenty one thousand nine
hundred dollars now you might be
wondering what else you get with Stone
for that hefty price so one thing you do
get is the virtual life package which
gets you into the most exclusive
clubs wherever you roam and also virtue
certainty which is the technology of
silent circle to encrypt your calls
virtue also is a deal with broadband
company I pass to connect you to free
Wi-Fi around the globe and the signature
touch is launching this month it selects
locations around the country but if
you're like me most shops that are
actually selling this phone will
probably just give you a hard look and
suddenly point you out security should
you actually wander in let me know what
you think of the virtue signature touch
in the comments below these are like and
subscribe if you enjoyed this video
though and I will see you next time
bye